---
layout: project
title: V4 trust. Czech Presidency
date:   2015-11-27 22:30:00
project-cover: "/projects_img/visegrad/cover.jpg"
description: "A proposal for Czech presidency of the Visegrad Group"
type: project
---

**Task:** create a logo with a slogan and application materials </br>

The Visegrád Group also called the Visegrád Four, or V4, is an alliance of four Central European states: Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia.

The alliance exists to further their's European integration as well as advancing their military, economic and energy cooperation with one another.

Each year the Visegrád Group change their's logotype to reflect one of the countries. In 2015/2016 Czech Republic was representing the V4. The motto of the meeting is "V4 trust". I created a proposal for Czech presidency.

<span class="p500 phero">![visegrad logotype] (../projects_img/visegrad/logo.png)</span>

<center>*Simple logotype with deep meaning, Czech origin, which looks great on paper and on screen*</center>

<span class="p600">![visegrad logotype meaning] (../projects_img/visegrad/logo-meaning.png)</span>

<center>*Logo full of meaning: four letters “V”, heart of Europe, circle as symbol of union and rose windows from gothic architecture.*</center>

Visegrád Group has a series of events, which are happening during the whole year. For different ocasions was created a complite visual style.

<span class="p600">![visegrad logotype meaning] (../projects_img/visegrad/cid.png)</span>

<center>*Set of beautifuf, official and convenient to use stationary.*</center>

<span class="p600">![visegrad logotype meaning] (../projects_img/visegrad/envelopes.png)</span>

<center>*On the envelopes the logotype is used to protect "secrets" of the Visegrad.*</center>












